W-14017095-ComposerRegions-SG (#493)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_prerequisites.adoc

* When you create a connection to another system, check for the requirements and limitations listed in the Composer reference section for each connection.
* Composer fields with date values use the following format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mmZ.

[[available-regions-sf]]
== Available Regions

> In MuleSoft Composer for Salesforce, the Anypoint Platform control and runtime plane for an organization is pre-selected based on the data center in which the pod of the Salesforce instance is located. The mapping is done internally and users cannot change the mapping. All US and APAC pods use US East (N. Virginia) and all EU pods use EU (Frankfurt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MuleSoft Composer for Salesforce, the Anypoint Platform control and runtime plane for an organization are pre-selected based on the data center in which the pod of the Salesforce instance is located. The mapping is done internally and users cannot change the mapping. All US and APAC pods use US East (N. Virginia) and all EU pods use EU (Frankfurt).
```

> In MuleSoft Composer for Salesforce, the Anypoint Platform control and runtime plane for an organization is pre-selected based on the data center in which the pod of the Salesforce instance is located. The mapping is done internally and users cannot change the mapping. All US and APAC pods use US East (N. Virginia) and all EU pods use EU (Frankfurt).

Author: ```suggestion
In MuleSoft Composer for Salesforce, the Anypoint Platform control and runtime planes for an organization are pre-selected based on the data center in which the pod of the Salesforce instance is located. The mapping is done internally and users cannot change the mapping. All US and APAC pods use US East (N. Virginia) and all EU pods use EU (Frankfurt).
```

* When you connect to another system, follow the requirements and restrictions applicable to that connection.
* Composer fields with date values use the format _YYYY-MM-DDThh:mmZ_.

[[available-regions-ms]]
== Available Regions

> In MuleSoft Composer, the Anypoint Platform control and runtime plane for an organization is selected by the AE at provisioning time (during the quoting process). Users cannot change the mapping. MuleSoft Composer is available in the US East (N. Virginia) and EU (Frankfurt) regions.

Author: ```suggestion
In MuleSoft Composer, the Anypoint Platform control and runtime planes for an organization are selected by the AE at provisioning time (during the quoting process). Users cannot change the mapping. MuleSoft Composer is available in the US East (N. Virginia) and EU (Frankfurt) regions.
```
